for me. It was really confusing when I joined. I didn't know anything
about engineering or electron ICS. When I first came in, it took me
the longest time to figure out what a ground was. Everyone kept saying
it was the Earth that it was like dirt. You know, I didn't understand
how it like, uh, match with electrical work. Um, a couple years
in after hearing the same things over and over and over, you start
to get good at it a couple years after that. Then you start to become
a master at it. Um, a few years after that, then you're in the position
that you can actually teach. It s so it's got gotten easier the
longer that I've been in, just like with any other job.